feat: Added samples for navigation with Xaml (#770)
unoplatform/Uno.Samples: UI/Navigation/NavigationWithXaml/README.md

# Navigate via XAML

> NavigateWithXAML is a sample Uno Platform application demonstrating navigating between pages using the `uen:Navigation.Request`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NavigateWithXAML** is a sample Uno Platform application demonstrating how to navigate between pages using the Uno.Extensions Navigation.Request attached property in XAML.
```

We should also point people to the docs: https://platform.uno/docs/articles/external/uno.extensions/doc/Learn/Navigation/HowTo-NavigateInXAML.html
